DOC Math/code formatting in docs (#31325)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/sgd.rst

   :scale: 75

As other classifiers, SGD has to be fitted with two arrays: an array `X`

> of shape `n_samples` :math:`\times` `n_features` holding the training samples, and a one-dimensional array
> `y` with the length of `n_samples` holding the target values (`class labels`)

Reviewer: I'd rather report the shape using the array notation
```suggestion
of shape (n_samples, n_features) holding the training samples, and an
array `y` of shape (n_samples,) holding the target values (`class labels`)
```

As other classifiers, SGD has to be fitted with two arrays: an array `X`
of shape (n_samples, n_features) holding the training samples, and an

> array `y` of shape (n_samples,) holding the target values (`class labels`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
array `y` of shape (n_samples,) holding the target values (class labels)
```

   :scale: 75

In the case of multi-class classification ``coef_`` is a two-dimensional

> array of shape ``n_classes`` :math:`\times` ``n_features`` and ``intercept_`` is a
> one-dimensional array with the length of ``n_classes``. The :math:`i`-th row of ``coef_`` holds

Reviewer: Same comment as above:
```suggestion
array of shape (n_classes, n_features) and ``intercept_`` is a
one-dimensional array of shape (n_classes,). The :math:`i`-th row of ``coef_`` holds
```

==========

The major advantage of SGD is its efficiency, which is basically

> linear in the number of training examples. If :math:`X` is a matrix of size :math:`n \times p` (with :math:`n` samples and :math:`p` features),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linear in the number of training examples. If :math:`X` is a matrix of size
:math:`n \times p` (with :math:`n` samples and :math:`p` features),
```

  range ``10.0**-np.arange(1,7)``.

* Empirically, we found that SGD converges after observing
  approximately :math:`10^6` training samples. Thus, a reasonable first guess
  for the number of iterations is ``max_iter = np.ceil(10**6 / n)``,
  where ``n`` is the size of the training set.

* If you apply SGD to features extracted using PCA we found that
  it is often wise to scale the feature values by some constant `c`
  such that the average :math:`L_2` norm of the training data equals one.

* We found that Averaged SGD works best with a larger number of features

>   and a higher :math:`eta_0`.

Reviewer: `eta0` is the name of the parameter, not a mathematical expression
```suggestion
  and a higher `eta0`.
```

    \eta^{(t)} = \frac{eta_0}{t^{power\_t}}

where :math:`eta_0` and :math:`power\_t` are hyperparameters chosen by the
user via ``eta0`` and ``power_t``, respectively.

For a constant learning rate use ``learning_rate='constant'`` and use ``eta0``
to specify the learning rate.

For an adaptively decreasing learning rate, use ``learning_rate='adaptive'``
and use ``eta0`` to specify the starting learning rate. When the stopping
criterion is reached, the learning rate is divided by 5, and the algorithm

> does not stop. The algorithm stops when the learning rate goes below :math:`1 \times e^-6`.

Reviewer: Similarly here, `1e-6` refers to the parameter's computational value, so it's more of a programmatic expression than a mathematical expression
```suggestion
does not stop. The algorithm stops when the learning rate goes below `1e-6`.
```
